easy
Li Yuyang comes to propose marriage
Yuyang
Li Yuyang
I think the face of the Meng people has not killed you yet.
How dare you come to court death
Dragon Lord
I came to propose marriage
Not to die
Ok ok
You have to force me to kill you in front of the Meng people
Then I will fulfill you
hands-on
No dad
If you really want to kill Li Yang
Then kill me too
Damn girl, can you understand something?
This poor guy who sells breakfast
Where is it worth doing this?
Dad, you don't understand
You made him worth it
In my eyes
He is the best person in the world
You you dead girl
Do you have to piss me off?
You, go away
My dad is pissed right now
I don't want you to get hurt
Lord, don't worry.
I'm not who I used to be
No one here can hurt me now
Little brat
You have a big breath
Do you think you can stop a bullet?
Longan says something from the heart
I'm looking at Meng Po's face
I can discuss it with you here
Otherwise what?
Otherwise I have been
No one is blocking